Apologies for the previous prematurely sent email . . . I hit an errant button while correcting grammar and spelling. I hope the message came through okay, though.

Thank you for your understanding.

All good wishes.

Nel

--------------
Thank you, Keith.

We will set up a system of linked landing pages, shopping carts, email/texting sequences, notifications, and automations, and whatever else we can think of yp excellent user and admin experiencees.
------------
Hi Nel,

Yes 

The Landing pages will be used to send to our cohort candidates, to our Conference attendees, integrated webinar notifications, and webinars promoting the Consortium.

The www.IAEOZsummit.com is a KDM Event Management Page ideally developed to shift our consortium content and mission to the KDM Event Management Platform.  The site was designed to promote multiple events, design information channels, and hyper media size our multimedia, social mediums.  

It is a platform that will accept registration, sponsors, and make payments for services rendered to give the user a full online experience, preparing our client, our customers, and our collaborators a full spectrum of information on demand. 

When would be a good time for Logicore, E3S, and V+ 
to meet. and discuss and codify the execution of next steps.   

I am in discussions with QME. At this time, they have indicated to have no interest in the Consortium, and wish for KDM to bring them project they would be more inclined to engage in.

I have added Pam Ramos who has supported our contract compliance and assists with proposal development.  If anyone has any questions, please email me.  

I had another 2-hour meeting with SBA.  SBA has a high priority, and we are leading by example and as such, I would ask that each consortium member continue to do all to "give and get."

Thank you, 


--------

Hi Brian, and Nel,

Can V+ build a landing page for our promotion

https://singularityit.io/partners/kdm-associates
---------
Hi, Keith.

Do you mean you would like us to build a landing page on our website similar to that on the Singularityit.io website?

Cheers,

NHi Brian and Roy,

Hope you have had a great Christmas and are preparing for a banner 2026 Year of the Consortium. 

As promised from our call, below are the clips from Nick Justice on IAEOZ Summit 2021 and 2022.  

What is so important to be able to realize in watching these videos is that my meeting Nick Justice was no coincidence.  
Nick Justice gave me the foundational understanding of the bi-partisan legislation that created the MEP program.    

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8FmYXdxrFuw - IAEOZ Summit 2020

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eNtQKR9Irr0 - IAEOZ Summit  2021


Major General Nick Justice served as the Executive Director for PowerAmerica Institute, a public-private partnership focused on advanced manufacturing, not a "MEP" (Manufacturing Extension Partnership) role directly, though he spoke at NIST MEP events in 2016, praising their work and highlighting technology. He also led the PM MEP (Program Manager for Mobile Electric Power) within the Army earlier, showing his broad focus on power and manufacturing tech, but his primary "Executive Director" role mentioned was Power America. 
Earlier Work: Prior to PowerAmerica, he was involved with Army's PM MEP (Mobile Electric Power), focusing on power generation solutions. 
U.S. Manufacturing has been in our IAEOZ blood since Nick Justice 2020.  There are other panels that speaks volumes to the Workforce needs, Innovation, and the most recent linkage to these high priorities is national defense, critical minerals and U.S. manufacturing.  So as we design the 2026 Digital platform - to incorporate CMMC training ad Defense conferences that give registrants, sponsors, and media guests opportunity to do so online.

The second thing that I wanted to share here with ADA, E3S, and V+ is as we return to work to close out the year establishing our consortium, our unified strategy to a unique, and well-defined marketplace. ,   In 2026, KDM will be doing less selling, less convincing, and will be spending more time leveraging our years of experience in the Federal sector to build strategic partnerships to meet the needs of the Defense Industrial Base, assembling individuals who have unquestionable talents, capabilities to support our focused  mission for 2026.   KDM's definition of Our "Whole of Government Total Team Approach. 

So, as you can see from your review of the IAEOZ-KDM web design developed by (QME), developed on- www.iaeozsummit.com,  the 2026 vision is to make conferences, webinars, Summits, and critically important Government contracting related information become valued information.  The goal of the new digital platform design is to convert complex information into easily digestible video assets, articles, podcasts, and highly valued multimedia social media assets.    The development of our communication strategy will shift hard to understand gov . Contracting, manufacturing information into trusted, and realistically achievable no matter how complex.   The delivery and the consistency of our utilization of tech tools will effectively engage, educate, empower, and track our customers and clients.  Our consortium's use of tech tools,  and AI driven approaches will attract Pime contractors,  (U.S. Manufacturers),  contractors in need of CMMC I and II certification, government contracting, and capacity building to win Federal contracts, and our Federal, State, and Local Government Agencies  

V+ not only represents one of the multiple pre-selected verticals but also represents the nation's highest priorities and challenges.  Our brand reputation is known to be "What Works."  Everything we do as a collaborative will advance 
What Works in Manufacturing, Defense contracting, critical minerals,  access to capital and Opportunity Zones for suppliers and contractors. 

So, the culture of our Consortium will not need so much to be in the business of selling, but be committed to instructing, empowering, and building confidence that earns us a sustained reputation as trusted advisors.  In manufacturing, KDM could not have selected a more adept partner to restore America's confidence in Manufacturing since the establishment of Power America.   We will convey the same command in the Defense sector, critical minerals, Government Contracting, Access to Capital, and Opportunity Zones - by leveraging, promoting,  and providing capacity building training, and certification online programs necessary to increase the number of companies who participate in a cultural manufacturing revolution.  It will take all aspects of our unique talents to meet, produce,  and  promote success 

Open Government Media International LLC will ensure success is translated through a series of multi-media stories which expose challenges, opportunities,  and  achievements that together with our panelists, guest,  and audiences will share as we lead by example What Works!  The content integration of https://kdm-assoc.com/home/activities/all and www.iaeozsummit.com  is a meeting we should schedule with QME on Tuesday. 





Keith Moore | MBDA Federal Procurement Center 

Operator

609-206-1440 Mobile

202-469-3423 Office

kmoore@mbdafpcenter.com 

www.mbdafpcenter.com 

   

Schedule Your Consultation Today!

KDM 23rd Anniversary News U Can Use Edition

Nelinia Varenas
​Keith Moore <kmoore@mbdafpcenter.com>;​Brian Stitt;​Roy Dickan;​Miranda Bouldin <mbouldin@logicorehsv.com>;​Esteve Mede <emede@eecomputing.com>;​+3 others​​​
​Charles Sills <csills@trillacorpeconstruction.com>​
Dear Keith,
Thank you for sharing these IAEOZ Summit clips and for taking the time to provide the deeper context behind your meeting with Major General Nick Justice. The clarity you’ve drawn from those conversations—and the way you are connecting bipartisan manufacturing legislation, workforce, innovation, national defense, critical minerals, and U.S. manufacturing into one cohesive mission—lands with conviction.
I also would like to acknowledge the strength of the direction you outlined for 2026. Your intent for KDM to spend less time selling and convincing, and more time leveraging years of proven Federal sector experience to build strategic partnerships—assembling the right people with unquestionable talent and capabilities to execute a “Whole of Government Total Team Approach”—is precisely the posture a serious consortium must take if we are to serve the Defense Industrial Base with credibility and results.
From the V+ perspective, we are aligned with this vision and prepared to contribute in meaningful, practical ways as the 2026 digital platform takes form—especially where the market is demanding trusted guidance that converts complex requirements into clear, realistic, and achievable steps. Specifically, V+ can enrich the platform and program by:
Translating manufacturing, supplier readiness, and capacity-building requirements into action-oriented frameworks and “ready-to-use” resources;
Helping design and deliver CMMC Level I and II education pathways that are understandable, trackable, and tied to measurable readiness outcomes;
Curating and packaging conference, webinar, summit, and workshop content into digestible video assets, articles, podcasts, and high-value multimedia social media stories that build confidence and momentum; and
Dovetailing our manufacturing vertical expertise with the consortium’s national priorities and marketplace strategy so that “What Works” becomes the consistent standard we demonstrate, not just the message we promote.
I agree that scheduling the integration discussion with QME on Tuesday is timely and important—particularly to ensure we are intentional about how www.iaeozsummit.com and the KDM activities content are woven together into a unified platform experience for registrants, sponsors, media partners, and participating organizations. If you would like, I can come prepared with suggestions related to:
The platform functions required to educate, engage, empower, and track participants;
The initial program tracks and vertical priorities; and
The content-to-engagement flow that turns events into sustained participation, capability building, and measurable outcomes for manufacturers and federal contractors.
Thank you again, Keith. The culture you’re defining—committed to instructing, empowering, and building confidence—sets the standard for what trusted advisors should be. I’m honored and happy to be a contributor to the consortium as we enter 2026.
Respectfully, 
Nel


Nelinia (Nel) Varenas, MBA
Co-founder & CEO

nelinia@strategicvalueplus.com
310-650-0725  |  626-637-7603 


STRATEGIC VALUE+ SOLUTIONS
Enriching Lives Through Manufacturing

https://strategicvalueplus.com 

Schedule a Free 45-minute Consultation
to Talk Business & Identify Opportunities

Connect with Me on LinkedIn

-----------

Brian 

Great meeting this afternoon.  As you begin to work with Qme, and in order to keep synchronicity harmonic while we build out the Consortium online, virtually, and align marketing outreach in concert with the America Defense Alliance, E3S, Logicore, and KDM,  please during the early stages copy Miranda, Esteve, Carlton, Cody, Charles,  the early stages of transition.  The core areas include:

U.S. Manufacturing - V+
Defense - American Defense Alliance
Logic Core- Open Government Multi Media and Government Contracting
E3S- CMMC Certification Training and Government Contracting 
Critical Minerals - KDM-NMSDC
Government Contracting - nDemand Consulting 

-------------

Brian 

Great meeting this afternoon.  As you begin to work with Qme, and in order to keep synchronicity harmonic while we build out the Consortium online, virtually, and align marketing outreach in concert with the America Defense Alliance, E3S, Logicore, and KDM,  please during the early stages copy Miranda, Esteve, Carlton, Cody, Charles,  the early stages of transition.  The core areas include:

U.S. Manufacturing - V+
Defense - American Defense Alliance
Logic Core- Open Government Multi Media and Government Contracting
E3S- CMMC Certification Training and Government Contracting 
Critical Minerals - KDM-NMSDC
Government Contracting - nDemand Consulting 

------------

CMMC Accelerator
Time is Running Out for DoD Contractors
The Department of Defense CMMC Program enforcement begins November 10, 2025. Phase 1 
launches immediately, requiring CMMC Level 1 and Level 2 compliance for new DoD contracts 
and subcontracts across the Defense Industrial Base. Without current SPRS scores and proper 
readiness documentation, your organization faces immediate disqualification from contract 
awards and potential loss of existing business relationships.
Critical Compliance Timeline
The CMMC rollout follows a strict four-phase 
enforcement schedule that will 
fundamentally reshape how the DoD awards 
contracts. Organizations must act now. 
Missing these deadlines means losing 
competitive advantage and potentially 
billions in contract opportunities.
The Singularity Advantage
Our Singularity-IT Governance CMMC 
Accelerator is a turnkey solution purposebuilt for small and mid-sized defense 
contractors who need fast, reliable 
compliance without massive consulting fees 
or lengthy implementation cycles.
Phase 1: Nov 2025 3 Nov 2026 1
Initial Enforcement Begins - DoD 
may require CMMC Level 1 (SelfAssessment) or Level 2 (Self/C3PAO) 
in solicitations. SPRS score and 
CMMC UID become mandatory for 
eligibility.
2 Phase 2: 2026 3 2027
Certification Requirement - Thirdparty C3PAO audits become 
standard for most Level 2 contracts. 
Self-assessments no longer sufficient 
3 for medium and high-risk contracts. Phase 3: 2027 3 2028
Enhanced Requirements - Level 3 
(DIBCAC) controls added for highestrisk programs. Prime contractors 
enforce stricter subcontractor flowdown requirements across supply 
chain.
4 Phase 4: 2028 3 Onward
Full Enforcement - Complete CMMC 
compliance mandatory across all 
DoD contracts. Non-compliant 
organizations are excluded from 
defense industrial base 
opportunities.
Why Singularity-IT Governance
FedRAMP-Authorized Platform
Our platform has achieved FedRAMP 
authorization, demonstrating the highest 
standards of security and compliance for 
federal systems.
This authorization means your compliance 
data is protected by the same rigorous 
controls required for federal agencies.
AI-Driven Governance
Advanced artificial intelligence automates 
control validation, evidence collection, and 
compliance gap identification.
Machine learning continuously improves 
accuracy and reduces false positives while 
maintaining audit trail integrity.
Start Your Compliance Journey Today
Free CMMC Classification 
Assessment 
Begin your path to compliance with our automated 
readiness assessment. Instantly receive a full 
evaluation of your current security posture, identify 
your CMMC level, and generate your initial FCI/CUI 
Statement of Use policy.
What You9ll Receive:
Automated gap analysis mapped to NIST SP 800-171 
Rev. 2 controls
Projected SPRS score and recommended CMMC 
level
Draft FCI/CUI Statement of Use defining how your 
organization handles protected data
Prioritized remediation roadmap with next-step 
guidance
Delivered immediately after completing your 
assessment.
Contact Information
Singularity-IT Governance
CMMC Accelerator Program
 Email: info@eecomputing.com
q Web: 
https://singularityit.io/lp/cmmcaccelerator
Take Action Now
Don't wait until enforcement 
begins. Contact our team today to 
schedule your free readiness 
assessment and learn how the 
Singularity-IT Governance CMMC 
Accelerator can accelerate your 
path to DoD cyber compliance.
Schedule a Consultation Get Your Free Readiness Scale   

----------


Gaylord,

Thank you for your email.  

I have added Miranda Bouldin, Esteve Mede, and Carlton Harris since they are part of the Consortium and their assets are currently not being marketed on our platform. 

Miranda has all of the assets and should look carefully at the following pages so that QME can post.  I am also asking that you have a session with Manpreet to enable her to access the site or you do a recording that will enable her to go into the site and make these posts moving forward 

https://kdm-assoc.com/home/activities/news-blog
Here is an example of the social media post and video that should go onto the news blog page. 
The KDM PR page has been empty - Is this where we enter content from E3S? V+ - attached are recent press releases that need posting. 
The KDM Event Management page was originally to host, promote an online review of events, the events value proposition, business case for sign up, register, sponsor, and or attend page based on the colorfully designed and relevant content.  This design strategy should continue on the 2026 platform. 
E3S, ADA, Logicore, and V+
Do we still need a Jobs page - or was this designed for Job HUB on the platform?
KDM invested several thousands of dollars into this Opportunity Section in 2024-2025.  Opportunity identification should continue as it is a significant part of the Whole of Government Total Team Approach - Miranda, I would like for E3S, Manpreet, you and I to work with us on the New Opportunity Identification 2026 strategy.  The current Opportunities are very very old.  Miranda, please advise. Let's discuss. 
https://kdm-assoc.com/home/spotlights - should be a page for those we highlight and podcast. -Miranda-Let's discuss with Ivana - great opportunity to populate this page. 

Clarifications:  See Responses:

Is KDM requesting that Qme create a new event on the KDM Event Management Platform.  The new event is the CMMC Cohort.   Bentley will share the best way to do this seeing that you have already set up the event on another platform. The link to the Cohort event is:  https://singularityit.io/partners/kdm-associates - Esteve, Carlton, and Miranda, - I have a meeting with ES3 tomorrow at 11:00am.  Can Bentley provide insight to us before 11:00am tomorrow?



Where are the social Media asset links complete by Miranda?  Do you want to add these to the KDM site as news? Would you like Miranda to be able to add them to the KDM news platform?  If she needs a quick tutorial, we can provide it.  Yes, and please include Manpreet.   


Thank you for the careful review as we take the month of January to determine the best path forward to execute our 
Vision 2026. 
-------------

hank you for the reply Gaylord.

Let's schedule a call for 1:00om and we will have an agenda to you by Friday.
In reference to JOB HUB, I am standing on the commitment Bentley shared with me when both you and Jim were on the call.

QME recognized, KDM referred Jim to QME
QME confirmed JOB HUB was another company 
Jim and Bentely expressed an oath to KDM that when they generate revenue KDM would get a percentage.
Among integrity based Christian men, I do not need an Agreement to expect the word to be the bod of our relationship.

If JOB HUB has made any money, its fair for KDM to understand that amount, and your offer to KDM for that revenue generated which should reflect both our discussions and Agreement (even though not signed) . Caried out Faith - is 
Good Fath.

I have taken everyone off of this email except for me, you and Jim. 

I fully respect change of operation - and it's only expected that changes that occur annually activate a different way of doing business.  KDM will indeed pay November and December. But please understand the current site at www.iaeozsummit.com is not representative of KDM 2026. So Agenda item # 1 for Monday's meeting will be changing the platform cover page rapidly to promote our CMMC cohort of which I have shared today the landing page.

Please block Calander for 1:00pm Monday.  The first 15 days of January are critical for getting off on the right foot and the first 10 days of January should reflect KDM's business as we intend to carry it out in 2026.
---------------

From: Gaylord Neal <gaylordn@qmespotlight.com>
Sent: Wednesday, December 31, 2025 12:38 PM
To: Keith Moore <kmoore@kdm-assoc.com>
Cc: Bentley Charlemagne <bentleyc@qmespotlight.com>; Miranda Bouldin <mbouldin@logicorehsv.com>; PAMELA Ramos-Brown <info@bewealthywithpamela.com>; Manpreet Hundal <mhundal@mbdafpcenter.com>; Jim OBrien <jim@qmespotlight.com>
Subject: Qme's clear and approved mandates and protocols - Going Forward into 2026 and beyond
 
Keith, first, we are wishing you a happy and successful new year 2026.  

Today is not good, we are booked up. 

Friday is a holiday for me and I will be out of the office.  Perhaps Monday ( 1 PM or 2 PM) or Tuesday (1 PM or 2 PM) would work for you?  The meeting will require a written agenda and purpose for the meeting that can be seen ahead of time and approved by me.

For 2026, Qme has clear and approved mandates and protocols that our Advisor Board and Executive team has established for all client and strategic partner engagements.

Here is how some will impact KDM going forward  

Effectively immediately, please do not include Qme in any group emails where you are attempting to give assigned tasks to Qme and others.   As I have said many times via email over the last 4 weeks, we are establishing a new relationship with KDM.  Qme will not be a part of any consortiums and or joint projects being led by KDM unless an Opportunity plan is shared with us ahead of time and we have expressed our agreement in writing to participate based on a clear plan leading to revenue opportunity from which Qme will clearly benefit. 
Please engage with us directly and lay out what you want from us in writing.

Qme Opportunity Development Roadmap

All opportunities that Qme engages in must follow our process ( Qme's Opportunity Development Roadmap. This is how we drive projects: https://docs.google.com/document/d/13JA1RFhWty_dBVa6_G_5SfpOjNSybVyvPBRUFNdb06I/edit?usp=sharing ) or a similar process that we have seen and approved, before we will agree to get involved.  When we agree to be involved in an opportunity, but we see a clear departure from the roadmap, we will exit the arrangement via email and move on. 
 
Work / Services Requested of Qme

Going forward, if you are requesting work be done by Qme, send us a written description of that work (scope of work) and we will respond with a written quote and or request a meeting to discuss it.  This is very simple and easy.  Please follow it.  Qme will ignore any and all requests for work to be done that does not follow this.

Meeting Requests of Qme

If you want us to meet with anyone, send us a written agenda and the purpose of the meeting that you want set up.  If it makes sense to us and we want to participate, we will send our approval via email.  Only after our approval will we accept a calendar invite.  All calendar invites should include an agenda and the purpose of the meeting.  If not, we will not accept it.  

Otherwise, we will ignore all emails and calendar invites that are not following these protocols.  

Billing and Invoicing

I will have our accounting team send you an invoice for November ($300) and December ($300) 2025 to close out the year. 

In 2026, Qme is changing many things, especially billing.  Qme will bill in quarter billings in advance of the quarter so that the bills can be paid timely in advance (not in arrears).  Therefore, I will also have our accounting group send you an invoice for the 1st quarter of 2026.  This is due at the beginning of each quarter for your KDM Web platform.  $300 per month x 3 months = $900. 

Qme Job Hub

Qme has not made any commitments to KDM about our Qme Job Hub Platform.  We are aware that our partner, Jim O'Brien, has had some conversations with you, and we have sent our agreement to KDM via Olandan, on multiple occasions. Nothing has been signed and or agreed upon.  I know this because I am the Chief Administrative Officer of Qme and all contracts and agreements must come through my office.  We welcome you to further explore this opportunity with us.  


----------------

Gaylord,

Respectfully, 

You are making demands and providing outlines via email and there are new organizations who have become a part of KDM's 2026 Plan that QME must interface with.  I am asking Manpreet to set up a meeting either today between 3 and 5 pm - please pick a time, or a best time on Friday for me you and Miranda to go over the work flow she and Nelinia are working on.

KDM has no problems paying for Nov and December, and based on decisions on how we are best to proceed potentially longer, but we will know that in a discussion - NOT email exchange. 

Bentley, I do want to have a conversation with you and Jim on Job HUB. Commitments were made.  No formal Agreements were signed because I want to ensure that our word of commitment stands taller than written Agreements.  If there are any partnerships that QME is forming as a result of KDM, we do also want to honor them.  For example, if QME decides to partner with Jonah Cooper, that should go through an Agreement we have in place between KDM and Jonah Cooper.  
Happy to provide a copy of that Agreement.

Manpreet, follow up and get a meeting time that is convenient to QME, Miranda, and KDM.  The appropriate next step is to bring V+ in so we can proceed with next steps and potential workflow transfer.  

What my request is for a payment for November and December is to change the landing page of IAEOZ to our CMMC Cohort. Here is the link, and post all of the social media articles Miranda has done for the last month. 

This Landing page along with our paypal link will properly start us into 2026.  

https://singularityit.io/partners/kdm-associates


There should be a meeting with E3S as well with Miranda as she is working on bringing our social media under one marketing umbrella.  We can wrap all of this business up by Friday of this week. 

Manpreet, please follow up and guys, let's close out this year respecting and valuing our relationship no matter what the future holds, we all know who holds the future and this aspect of transition MUST be done decently and in order. 

------------

Subject: Re: The KDM Consortium 2026 Plan
 
Keith,

Please understand that since our 12/10/2025 meeting, Qme has made some strategic decisions for 2026.  We share those with you a week ago via email.  I will recap them here:

Strategic "Go Forward" Decisions: While we appreciate the opportunity you have shared with us, Qme is no longer interested in:

1. Participating in any KDM consortiums.
2. Providing a PM asset to KDM.  

Business Development Opportunities: Qme will continue to be on standby to help where possible.  However, Qme executive team priorities are based on our top 25 global projects list.  All projects we engage in must have a written and well laid out Project Roadmap and must pass a "GO and or NO GO test".  The Qme team can not afford to continue investing time and money in projects that have no real ROI. 

KDM Web Platform Payments owed to Qme: KDM still needs to pay the special pricing of $300 per month for your web platform.  What is your payment cycle to us? It was the 5th of the month.  You currently owe for November and December 2025.  You can choose to pay in 3 month or 6 month increments starting in January 2026 going forward. 

With that shared, if you want access to the Qme Opportunity Workflow Process Roadmap Process that I referenced in our 12/10 meeting, I have attached it.   

----------

On Mon, Dec 29, 2025 at 5:23 PM Keith Moore <kmoore@kdm-assoc.com> wrote:
Gaylord,

Thank you for creating a summary of our meeting on December 10th.  

In an effort to bring all forward and to ensure we are working from updated next steps, please review the attached carefully.  

As I ask those copied to do the same, thank you for recognizing what we have achieved by privatizing in 2025, and why it is so imperative to create an income generating model to modernize and target our approach to this Administration's priorities.  The model we are designing is designed intentionally to meet the most in demand requirements from both Government and Industry in 2026.

Looking forward to the meetings among the groups that bring What Works into 2026.

Manpreet, please follow up, as well as team members. 
On Tue, Dec 30, 2025 at 5:48 PM Gaylord Neal <gaylordn@qmespotlight.com> wrote:
Keith, I will get you the Qme Opportunity Capture and Execution process to you shortly.

Happy New Year 2026.
----------------

Congratulating Miranda for summarizing which provides the Consortium with a baseline of activity, action items, next steps: Pam, ad Manpreet read carefully and let's get prepared to activate our targeted promotion blast.

https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:7406664523283062784/?commentUrn=urn%3Ali%3Acomment%3A(activity%3A7406664523283062784%2C7413727604102418433)&dashCommentUrn=urn%3Ali%3Afsd_comment%3A(7413727604102418433%2Curn%3Ali%3Aactivity%3A7406664523283062784)

KDM and Associates Meeting
Fri, Dec 12, 2025

Summary:

The discussion centered on the consortium's upcoming launch in 2025, emphasizing the need for alignment and collaboration among its 20 member companies. Keith highlighted the importance of establishing a timeline for outreach and integrating services to avoid duplication. Nelinia proposed a joint webinar to promote the consortium and facilitate seamless client transitions. Participants were encouraged to share insights on the integration process and the technology that could support their efforts, with a focus on adapting to changes in the government contracting landscape.

Esteve sought clarification on the consortium's structure and purpose, which Keith defined as a collaborative effort aimed at effectively approaching government agencies through a joint venture or teaming agreement. The need for confidentiality and commitment among members was stressed to ensure success. Charles supported this by discussing the potential consequences of their collaborative efforts, reinforcing the importance of coordination and commitment to enhance client engagement and business development.

Keith outlined a strategic approach for launching the consortium, emphasizing effective communication and a clear value proposition to attract key participants. Esteve requested clarity on necessary actions and the drafting of agreements to ensure alignment among members. Concerns about potential delays were raised, highlighting the need for progress despite challenges. Carlton discussed integrating a whole-of-government offering into their communication strategy, while Keith initiated plans for a press release to merge existing documents, with Charles agreeing to take charge of this task. Done - Needs an Updated Circulation. 

The meeting also covered outreach strategies, with targeted letters to government agencies being deemed essential. Carlton volunteered to assist with establishing a PayPal system for outreach compensation. Nelinia confirmed her marketing efforts and offered to share materials for better alignment.

The discussion included CMMC compliance offerings and the need for a cohesive strategy to promote these initiatives. Keith emphasized minimizing service overlap and ensuring smooth lead handoffs, while Esteve noted that the cohort would provide necessary assessments and support for CMMC certification. The meeting concluded with a focus on fostering a collaborative culture and the potential impact of their marketing campaign.


Chapters & Topics:

Collaborative Vision for Consortium Launch - Social Media Success with nearly 3,000 impressions and several reposts. 
Keith initiated a discussion on the consortium's launch strategy for 2025, highlighting the need for collaboration and clear communication among members. Nelinia proposed a joint webinar to present their collective vision and emphasized the importance of breaking down silos to share expertise. Esteve and other members were encouraged to contribute their thoughts on how to effectively integrate their services. Integrate Social Media on All website platforms. Decision Makers, Funders, Sponsors, Investors will look for brand consistency and commitment to partnership on the websites - Miranda Lead the posing strategy and umbrella coordination. 
* Consortium structure and member roles
* Coordination of Team Members for Project Success

Consortium Definition and Structure - Clarty Moves Speed.
Esteve Mede sought clarification on the definition of a consortium, noting a difference in understanding regarding its structure. Keith explained that the current call represents the consortium they are launching, which includes various sectors and aims to address the needs of their clients. He highlighted the importance of collaboration and commitment among members to succeed in government contracting.
* Press release and outreach strategy for the consortium

Communication and Collaboration Strategies - Show Time.
Nelinia Varenas discussed the need for a coordinated approach among members to support client interactions and business development. The organization is implementing a communication strategy centered around Go High Level, which integrates with other applications to enhance marketing efforts. This strategy aims to foster collaboration and ensure seamless communication among members, allowing for efficient project tracking and information sharing.
* Marketing strategy and communication infrastructure

Strategic Planning for Consortium Development - Show Time
Keith outlined the need for effective communication and a press release to promote the consortium's value proposition, particularly in relation to upcoming events. Esteve Mede responded by stressing the importance of having a clear plan and agreements for consortium members to avoid confusion and ensure successful collaboration. Keith reiterated the urgency of moving forward with these agreements to maintain momentum and avoid delays.
* Integration of Core Competencies

Integration of Whole-of-Government Offerings -KDM, V+, ADA, and EGS Commit and Execute Now.
Carlton Harris emphasizes the need for a cohesive approach to presenting the whole-of-government offering. He suggests creating a clear menu of options that outlines the specific benefits organizations can expect, including details on the CMMC and business development perspectives. This would allow each member of the group to effectively communicate the value of the offering.

Drafting the Press Release and Marketing Strategy - Release Developed- Circulation Strategy Must Deploy Now
Keith suggested creating a draft press release that combines elements from the existing Vplus and E3S releases, asking Charles if he would take the lead on this. Charles agreed and noted that Esteve had already prepared a good draft, although he needed the latest version. The conversation also emphasized the need to include video content and engage government officials in the marketing strategy.

Planning for Upcoming Webinars and Cohort Launch - Recrruitment for CMMC cohort launches January 7th.
Keith discussed the need for an internal orientation on January 17th to prepare for a cohort launch, stressing the importance of involving individuals who genuinely need the offerings. Nelinia proposed meeting with Miranda to coordinate efforts and confirmed that the next webinar on January 7th will feature CMMC topics. Esteve inquired about the purpose of the January 18th meeting, which Keith suggested should focus on educating the V plus team.

Outreach Strategy and Technical Coordination -ADA-KDM Deliver Week of 1/5/2026
Charles Sills and Keith discussed the significance of sending targeted outreach letters to government agencies, with Keith stressing the national security aspect of their work. Carlton Harris proposed scheduling a meeting to guide the setup of a PayPal system for streamlined compensation. Keith also mentioned the need for coordination among team members, including tech and marketing efforts, to ensure effective communication and outreach.

CMMC Compliance Strategies and Cohort Planning - In Pprogress - Preparing to Go To Market week of 1/5/2026/
Nelinia Varenas outlined the services provided for CMMC compliance, including gap analysis and partnerships with consultants. Carlton Harris raised questions about the integration of offerings and the potential for collaboration to enhance outreach efforts. Esteve Mede added that the cohort would also focus on assessing readiness and developing necessary policies for certification.
* Launch timeline for the 12-week cohort
* Marketing Campaign Strategies - Miranda Boulding lading social media campaign
* Overlapping services and collaboration among members Social media campaign creates sepeaate vertical lanes.

Collaboration and Overlap in Digital Twin Technologies - E3S and V+ Meeting - Miranda Coordinate ASAP.
Nelinia Varenas explained that Trout.software services various sectors, including testing with the French Navy, while Carlton Harris noted the need for closer discussions to clarify capabilities and avoid overlap. Keith expressed concerns about the organizational culture and the importance of collaboration in delivering services effectively. 

Assessment Processes and Collaborative Opportunities - Finalize with Clarity 1/6/2026
Keith inquired about the assessment process and its relevance to federal contractors, stressing the need for a system that generates revenue. Esteve detailed the cohort's approach, which includes assessments to help firms understand the CMFC and prepare for audits. The conversation also clarified the distinct focus areas of their services, with Keith noting the opportunity for manufacturers to benefit from government support services.
* Assessment Process for Cohort Participants
* Government Support Services for Manufacturers


Action Items:

* Esteve will draft an agreement for the consortium members to clarify roles and responsibilities. Authorizations in Progress
* Keith will ensure that the press release reflecting the consortium is drafted and circulated for review. Achieved.
* Nelinia will coordinate with Miranda to align on the marketing strategy and communication infrastructure. In progress
* Carlton will schedule a meeting next week to walk through the PayPal system setup for the E3S. 1/6/2026
* Nelinia will share the marketing verbiage with the team to ensure consistent messaging across platforms. In Progress
* Esteve Mede will prepare documentation to assist cohort participants in understanding the assessment process and developing their own policies. Final Phase of Progress - MOU between KDM and E3S 
* Charles will follow up on the next steps as discussed in the meeting. Need Landing Page from ADA.
* Nell will meet with Miranda to discuss the integration of core competencies into the ongoing project. 1/26/2026
* Esteve Mede will coordinate with Miranda and Nell regarding Brian's potential onboarding to the project.1/5/2026


Key Questions:

* What are the specific roles and responsibilities of each member in the consortium? Established inside the MOU/Revenue Share Agreement. 
* What actions should be taken to ensure the success of the consortium? In Progress - Must Execute NOW!
* How will the consortium ensure that there is no overlap in services provided by different members? Verticals.
* How will the manufacturers benefit from the government support services? Contracts with DOE, Commerce, Interior, Energy, USDA, Defense Health, Veterans Affairs. 

---------

Team,

I worked late last night because at today's meeting with Miranda and V+ ( fully recommend Brian be a part of the meeting) because KDM is prepared to rapidly transition or use the existing www.kdm-assoc.com frame allowing V+ to take over the site.  This may be the most seamless approach to responding to the time sensitive opportunities we have created by establishing a Consortium and addressing the nation's highest priorities.  Gaylord and Bentley- can you be called into a part of this meeting that enables Brian Stitt-CIO for V+ to have a transition discussion with you?

Nel, I want to recommend that we scale up our media competencies and use the "script" below to animate our messaging, leverage KDM's establish brand, and the DC boots on the ground. I'm talking with Miranda about the use of a couple of clips from Jan 7th webinar to advance our social media blast for the Ja 14th.  KDM is prepared to step in and scale up the audience!!

Charles- Please plan to have a panel on U.S. Manufacturing, Defense, and Critical Minerals-I have an excellent moderator. 

E3S - Please find attached Nel's bio and headshot to add along with mine to promote both the KDM -Whole of Government Total Team Approach - A Consortium Model Made for America First!
---

Mr. Keith Durrell Moore is a distinguished professional with more than nearly four decades of experience in government contracting, business development and relationship management. As the chief executive officer of KDM & Associates LLC, he has dedicated the past four years to managing a data base of nearly 500 small businesses guiding them through the complexities of government contracting as Operator of the nation’s only U.S. Department of Commerce’s MBDA Federal Procurement Center. His KDM brand and expertise in this field of government contracting success is recognized and praised around the world.

Mr. Moore's career began at Xerox Office Products Division as the youngest person hired at Xerox in 1981 to see Ethernet, where he served as an account representative from 1981 to 1985. He then transitioned to join his family business of elderly health care facilities located in Asbury Park and Millstone New Jersey, and Stoneville North Carolina, before selling two of their facilities, the Miami Plaza Hotel, and M&M Manor – both facilities at their height managed 137 beds. After selling the Asbury Park facilities to the State of New Jersey, Mr. Moore was hired to become the State’s first ever New Jersey Commerce & Economic Growth Commission’s Urban Account Executive, serving with the New Jersey Commerce and Economic Growth Commission from 1997-2001. After his departure from the NJ Commerce & Economic Growth Commission in 2001, he founded KDM & Associates. Additionally, since 2009, Keith has been the Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Open Government TV, further solidifying his influence in the media and business sectors. Since 2021, he has operated the Minority Business Development Agency’s Federal Procurement Center. As Founder of Innovation in Agriculture & Energy Opportunity Zone Summit, now n its 7th year, IAEOZ Summits have successfully convened industry, academia, and Government to 2-3 day forums to engage, educate, and empower its audiences on policy, government contracting, and the implementati

-----------

eam,

I worked late last night because at today's meeting with Miranda and V+ ( fully recommend Brian be a part of the meeting) because KDM is prepared to rapidly transition or use the existing www.kdm-assoc.com frame allowing V+ to take over the site.  This may be the most seamless approach to responding to the time sensitive opportunities we have created by establishing a Consortium and addressing the nation's highest priorities.  Gaylord and Bentley- can you be called into a part of this meeting that enables Brian Stitt-CIO for V+ to have a transition discussion with you?

Nel, I want to recommend that we scale up our media competencies and use the "script" below to animate our messaging, leverage KDM's establish brand, and the DC boots on the ground. I'm talking with Miranda about the use of a couple of clips from Jan 7th webinar to advance our social media blast for the Ja 14th.  KDM is prepared to step in and scale up the audience!!

Charles- Please plan to have a panel on U.S. Manufacturing, Defense, and Critical Minerals-I have an excellent moderator. 

E3S - Please find attached Nel's bio and headshot to add along with mine to promote both the KDM -Whole of Government Total Team Approach - A Consortium Model Made for America First!

Happy Friday!!!!!
2nd week in 2026 in the books.
What Progress have we made?
How much closer are we to defining Success?

-----------

Please work with Nel on this and Miranda

KDM is in discussions on shaping our consortium into a mentor protege relationship with Boeing 

Preferred final documentation should best reflect that approach. 

This is what I provided. Services offered by KDM should be submitted as a subcontract supplier.

Miranda is currently in the Supplier system and has a past performance with Boeing. 

----------

Brian 

Great meeting this afternoon.  As you begin to work with Qme, and in order to keep synchronicity harmonic while we build out the Consortium online, virtually, and align marketing outreach in concert with the America Defense Alliance, E3S, Logicore, and KDM,  please during the early stages copy Miranda, Esteve, Carlton, Cody, Charles,  the early stages of transition.  The core areas include:

U.S. Manufacturing - V+
Defense - American Defense Alliance
Logic Core- Open Government Multi Media and Government Contracting
E3S- CMMC Certification Training and Government Contracting 
Critical Minerals - KDM-NMSDC
Government Contracting - nDemand Consulting 

----


Cooking with Gas on our Whole of Government Total Team Approach.

Oscar Frazier can we schedule a call on Monday as you digest the traffic so we solidify the 
KDM-nDemand 2026 next steps.
_____

Great enhancement, Brian.

 What do you think about adding a collaborative forum, as well, to explore combining capabilities (e.g. primary and secondary) to strengthen bid packages?

--------

Happy New Year, All!

While thinking about systematizing our mission of helping SMEs qualify for OEM and government work, I began conceptualizing what we are delivering and how it is differentiated from what is already available. Below is a summary of the thought process. I would love your feedback.

Warmest regards,

Nel

Happy New Year, All!

While thinking about systematizing our mission of helping SMEs qualify for OEM and government work, I began conceptualizing what we are delivering and how it is differentiated from what is already available. Below is a summary of the thought process. I would love your feedback.

Warmest regards,

Nel

----------



Executive Summary: V+ KDM Consortium — Dual-Lane Proof Packs plus Warm Introductions that Convert Readiness into Revenue



V+ and KDM can launch a consortium model that does two things exceptionally well—and most competitors do only one:

Make SMEs verifiably “award-ready / buyer-ready” via Proof Packs (mapped, current, verified evidence) and closing gaps through remediation consulting and training engagements.
Turn that readiness into real pipeline through qualified introductions to decisionmakers at target DoD agencies/primes and commercial OEM procurement teams (initially Battery/EV, then Biopharma)
This is the missing bridge: SMEs don’t lose because they lack capability—they lose because they can’t prove readiness quickly and don’t get to the right buyer conversations at the right time.



Why now

Across defense and reshoring-driven OEM supply chains, procurement is tightening requirements (cyber/data handling, quality/traceability, ESG, continuity). SMEs are stuck in slow cycles: forms, portals, “one more document,” and cold outreach that rarely reaches a decisionmaker. The market is primed for a consortium that offers repeatable proof + credible access.



The solution: Proof Packs/Remediation + an Introductions Engine

1) Proof Packs/Remediation (the productized deliverable)

A system that takes SMEs from scattered docs to a buyer-ready “Proof Pack”:

Lane assessments (Government, Commercial, or Both)
Evidence Vault (versioned, tagged, expiring document alerts)
Award-blocking gap closing and remediation plans (30/60/90-day)
Proof Pack Builder + QA review
Secure sharing (NDA gating, expiration, permissions, view analytics)
Result: “Here is the proof—reviewable in minutes.”

2) Introductions Engine (the conversion layer)

A structured process that generates warm introductions after an SME is pack-ready (or near pack-ready), ensuring credibility and minimizing wasted buyer time.

How it works:

Gate: Introductions activate when an SME achieves a minimum “Pack Health” threshold (no award-blocking gaps or an approved exception memo).
Match: Map SME capability + compliance positioning to target buyers/programs (commodity/category + location + certifications + capacity + constraints).
Package: Create a short “Intro Brief” that links to the Proof Pack (1 page + secure link).
Introduce: V+KDM facilitates the first meeting (or curated email intro) with the right stakeholder(s).
Track: Every intro is tracked (views, meeting scheduled, next actions).
Formats:

Curated email introductions
Scheduled “Procurement Office Hours” (monthly)
Quarterly “Supplier Demo Days” by lane (Defense / Battery-EV / Biopharma)
Prime contractor match sessions (Defense lane)
OEM supplier-readiness roundtables (Commercial lane)
Important guardrails:

Introductions are facilitated not guaranteed awards.
We do not represent the buyer; we ensure the SME is easy to evaluate and the buyer conversation is mutually worthwhile.


Who we introduce SMEs to (target decisionmaker profiles)

Defense / Government (AEA Conferences)

Primary targets (buyer and influencer nodes)

Agency/command small business offices (OSDBU / small business specialists)
Program offices and requirements owners (technical stakeholders)
Contracting officers / contracting specialists (acquisition execution)
Supply/logistics organizations (for commodity buys)
Prime contractors and major subcontracting organizations (fastest path for SMEs)
Examples of target organizations (stable entry points):

DoD components: Army, Navy, Air Force/Space Force (small business + contracting)
Defense supply/logistics: Defense Logistics Agency (DLA) (often a high-volume gateway)
Oversight/assurance touchpoints where relevant: DCMA (contract administration)
Defense IT/signal needs where relevant: DISA (for cyber/IT-linked suppliers)
Prime contractor lanes (by NAICS/PSC fit): major defense primes and tier-1 integrators


Battery/EV (e.g., Toyota Battery)

Decisionmakers:

OEM Procurement / Supply Management category leaders
Supplier Quality (SQE) and site quality leadership
Manufacturing engineering / program stakeholders
OEM-aligned tier 1 integrators and their procurement teams
Intro formats:

“Supplier qualification fast-track” roundtables
Category-specific match sessions (packaging, machining, automation, logistics, chemicals/material handling)


Biopharma / Healthcare (e.g., Johnson & Johnson)

Decisionmakers:

Strategic sourcing category managers
Supplier quality and compliance gatekeepers
Site procurement at facilities
Credentialing/access stakeholders (where applicable)
Intro formats:

Credentialing-ready supplier sessions
Structured supplier onboarding clinics


Why V+KDM will win

Most alternatives are either:

networks that collect documents (but don’t close gaps or create portable proof), or
point tools (cyber, ERP, ESG) that don’t produce a single procurement-ready narrative, or
buyer-side suites that don’t help SMEs become “easy yes.”
V+KDM differentiates by delivering a portable Proof Pack and a disciplined introductions motion that only activates when suppliers are credible—creating trust with buyers and repeatable conversion for SMEs.



Go-to-market plan (Defense-first, then Battery/EV, then Biopharma)



Phase 1 (0–90 days): Defense focus

Launch Government Proof Pack + Pack Health gating
Build an initial Introductions Bench:
DoD small business offices + contracting community touchpoints
Prime contractor supplier diversity / small business liaison contacts
Run monthly Defense Supplier Office Hours (intro sessions only for pack-ready SMEs)
Run quarterly ADA conferences (Charles Simms)


Phase 2: Battery/EV

Launch Automotive/Battery Proof Pack (traceability, quality evidence structure, capacity/continuity)
Host OEM-focused match sessions (supplier quality + procurement)


Phase 3: Biopharma

Launch Regulated Supplier Proof Pack + Credentialing Bundle
Host credentialing and onboarding clinics


Business model

Membership tiers: Free - access to select website content (must subscribe / DIY / DWY / DFY
Pack Publishing + QA fee (by lane)
Introductions access included at higher tiers or as an add-on, gated by Pack Health
Marketplace: fixed-scope sprints to close common gaps (cyber evidence packaging, timekeeping policies, traceability SOPs, credentialing bundles)


KPIs decisionmakers should care about

Time to first published Proof Pack
% of members achieving “intro-eligible” Pack Health within 30/60/90 days
% of curated introductions made per month per lane
Conversion: intro → meeting → RFI/RFQ → award / subcontract
Evidence reuse rate (proof the platform reduces rework)
Next steps
Implement Defense-first wedge and the 3-phase expansion path
Implement the MVP scope: Proof Packs + secure sharing + Pack Health gating
Implement an Introductions Engine with clear guardrails:
intro eligibility criteria
target list ownership and relationship stewardship
tracking and reporting

Implement packaging (Free/DIY/DWY/DFY) and how introductions are included/gated
Implement governance: joint steering group + weekly operating cadence


Summary

V+ KDM Consortia becomes the bridge from “we can do the work” to “here’s the proof—and here’s the buyer conversation.” Proof Packs create trust; introductions create momentum. Together, they convert SME readiness into contracts—first in Defense, then Battery/EV, then Biopharma and, in time, other verticals.


----------

Brian,

 FYI, I am going to be in Durham, North Carolina in early February. Let's look to connect with you and Roy.

I want to encourage up front, first of the year, weekend work, because there are some strategies occurring that we will want to be ahead of the curve, and not be caught building, but deploying. 

 I agree Nel, great meeting, and know that your break down summaries are essential our building what I now see clearly as a hugely profitable enterprise in the making.

This without question, I am sure for all of us, is the most painful part of building the consortium in its early stages of the building process. And somewhere on a podcast soon, we should talk about the pain, and the agony associated with building something new.

I have added Charles Sills on this email as I want him to see the organizational development work we are undergoing, so that we can seamlessly integrate the ADA can alignment so there are no further delays or kinks in the days and weeks ahead during the month of January.  We reached a consensus that Mirranda, Brian, and Nel will ensure that we have CMMC cohort, ADA Sponsorship, and U.S. Manufacturing building out a Business Development relationship with V+'s 38 corporations.  We will build a marketing engagement workflow that becomes automated while the new platform automates the workflow, and the benefits to our clients and customers. 

Charles, and Kody, it seems like have a KDM Code on your website for the Discount will address how KDM is compensated for marketing outreach and referrals.  I would suggest Manpreet and Pam work with Kody to ensure that workflow is in place.  As such, they both have been added to this email.  

Pam and Manpreet, we may find ourselves moving away from Mail chimp but for Monday I want to utilize our mail chimp to advertise Monday and Tuesday the CMMC webinar on Thursday. 

Nel, I would like to be more active with Miranda as made reference below on the webinars so we can go into high value visibility mode to escalate audience and to begin generating revenue now that the Landing pages and portals are in place

Happy Saturday, 

------


Out of KDM's 477 current client database - 148 of them at various levels are doing business with the Department of Defense - now Department of War.

Our outreach to these clients should be supported by a calendarized targeted outreach.

Charles this is probably how we need to narrowly focus on these clients for ADA in additional to the QR code for the discount. 

E3S- with Miranda and the messaging outreach - let's focus on these companies. 

Let's invite them to the webinar series.  Is the Flyer ready with the headshots? For the 14th webinar?

Manpreet please pull the spreadsheet for the Defense contractors from Jotform. 

---------

Good Afternoon, 

Brian,  can I ask you to connect with E3S - Esteve Meade and Carlton Harris. Esteve, please reach out to Brian on this atter:

The KDM "Whole of Government Total Team Approach" can not build the new site in a vacuum.
We must rely on competitive website review and most of all, our Consortium members.

https://madsecurity.com/cmmc-authorized-rpo?utm_feeditemid=&utm_device=c&id=Qth1XL2rfESFXq&adpos=&locphisical=9008188&locinterest=&adgrp=156420558917&kw=dfars&nw=g&cpn=20835023643&device=c&ccpturl=madsecurity.com&pl=&campaignid=20835023643&adgroupid=156420558917&creative=791754413232&matchtype=b&network=g&keyword=dfars&utm_term=dfars&utm_source=google&utm_medium=ppc&hsa_cam=20835023643&hsa_grp=156420558917&hsa_mt=b&hsa_src=g&hsa_ad=791754413232&hsa_acc=4259100670&hsa_net=adwords&hsa_kw=

Here is the American Defense Alliance website - https://www.americandefensealliance.org/
As we build out the Landing  Pages that takes our viewers, and clients from our data base to come to the updated platform.

Carlton and Esteve can you schedule a meeting with Brian as soon as it is possible as we now must have our site prepared to take payments, to promote the services of our consortium.  Please keep me posted and feel free to make sure me and or Miranda is on the call.  Thank you, 

Brian, please feel free to text or call me if you have specific questions. I am working today. 
Esteve Mede<emede@eecomputing.com>
​Keith Moore <kmoore@kdm-assoc.com>;​Brian Stitt;​Carlton Harris <charris@eecomputing.com>;​Charles Sills <csills@trillacorpeconstruction.com>;​+2 others​​
Hi Brian,

Please let me know when you can meet this week. My calendar/availability is in my signature line below for your reference. 

Thanks

Esteve Mede, CISSP

CEO & President | END TO END ENTERPRISE SOLUTIONS, LLC

Cybersecurity | AI/ML | Big Data| Devops

8(a) | SDVOSB | GSA IT 70 | STARS III

P: 833-720-7770 Ext 100 | C: 571-297-2301 | https:// Book a meeting with me

-------------


Its not everyday that I celebrate wins because I try to wait for the Huge Win before I speak my piece about What Works!

But today in South Africa we produced a Martin Luther King Jr podcast Special that will be shown thanks to Miranda on Monday by 10:00am Monday to commemorate a defining moment in past history, present moment and how we are shaping and leading the future in manufacturing, critical minerals, and "ownership of the innovators game in 2026".
Be prepared to circulate.

We received interests from two firms for the CMMC cohort; Manpreet is following up on.  One firm looked like they were referred to by Boeing. 

Nelinia has put her supe powers to work and I suggest that we take 60-90 minutes on Monday to celebrate MLK Day with a Planning session.  I will be attending the National 8a Small Business Conference from Jan 25th-28th and out on the 23rd - next Friday.

We were successful in getting Qme and Brian together and Brian and I are going to move forward the co-branded web platforms to ensure that our links are aligned with Stripe and that we are leading companies to register. 

Charles Sills, please send me your sponsorship list as we are ready to go full force and the Landing page will highlight - like CMMC an opportunity to be a Media sponsor or a Dept of War - America Defense Alliance-KDM Sponsor. 

I'll be sending some of you a document that we need to perfect what  I call the "Consortium Capabilities Model Captured"

